Added open source doc (#1102)
foambubble/foam: docs/Achieving Greater Privacy and Security.md

This may make you feel uncomfortable, but isn't a reason to consider that Foam isn't the right tool for you as VS Code is built on top of an open source project and one that has resulted in an open source derivative of the same called [VSCodium](https://github.com/VSCodium).  In its own introduction it is described as, "Binary releases of VS Code without MS branding/telemetry/licensing".  Installation packages are easily available for those not wishing to build the application from source code across Windows, Unix and Linux operating systems and access to the VS Code marketplace of add-ons remains in place.

The change you will notice in using VS Code versus VS Codium - simply speaking, none. It is, in just about every way you will think of, the same IDE, just without the Microsoft proprietary licence and telemetry.  Your Foam experience will remain as smooth and productive as before the change.

## Version Control and Replication

> In Foam's [Getting Started](https://foambubble.github.io/foam/#getting-started) section, the set up describes how to set up your notes with a GitHub repository in using the template provided.  Doing so provides the user with both the ability to see commits made and therefore versions of their notes, but also allows the user to work across devices or collaborate effectively with other users.  These are all strong use cases, but the web-hosting of the content and closed-source nature of GitHub, being owned by Microsoft, may present some users with issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Foam's [Getting Started](https://foambubble.github.io/foam/#getting-started) section, the set up describes how to set up your notes with a GitHub repository in using the template provided.  Doing so provides the user with the ability to see commits made and therefore versions of their notes, allows the user to work across devices or collaborate effectively with other users, and makes publishing to GitHub pages easy.
It's important at the same time to point out the closed-source nature of GitHub, being owned by Microsoft.
```

> One alternative approach could be to use GitLab, an open source alternative to GitHub.  Whilst it certainly effectively deals with the issue of transparency, it does also collect usage details and sends your content across the internet.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One alternative approach could be to use [GitLab](https://gitlab.com/), an open source alternative to GitHub.  Whilst it improves on the aspect of transparency, it does also collect usage details and sends your content across the internet.  
And of course data is still stored in clear in the cloud, making it susceptible to hacks of the service.
```

If you need the version control and collaboration, but do not want to compromise on your privacy, the best course of action is to host the open source GitLab  server software yourself.  The steps (well described [here](https://www.techrepublic.com/article/how-to-set-up-a-gitlab-server-and-host-your-own-git-repositories/)) are not especially complex by any means and can be used exclusively on the local network, if required, offering a rich experience of "built-in version control, issue tracking, code review, CI/CD, and more", according to its website, [GitLab / GitLab Community Edition · GitLab](https://gitlab.com/rluna-gitlab/gitlab-ce).

> ## A Debt?
> 
> Foam development has relied upon it being built on VS Code with its website and documentation hosted on GitHub.  Despite Foam itself being open source, it would be easy to feel that swapping out such items is ungrateful for Microsoft's (passive) contribution.  It would, however, be equally poor to not accept the varying use cases and requirements of Foam users and reflect how these default choices may not be suitable for all.  In exploring the above, we maintain Foam's place in a broad set of applications with a multitude of interfaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
